docs: side panel (#3904)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/components/side-panel/index.mdx

      },
    },
  };
};

// TODO: storybook example!!

## Guidelines

### About Side Modal

Side Panel is a container that pushes the main page content when open. It's important for page content to be responsive when using a Side Panel so that the opening and closing of the panel doesn't cause the page to jump or shift. At mobile breakpoints, the Side Panel overlays the page content and takes up the full width of the viewport.

<Callout variant="warning" marginY="space70">
  <CalloutHeading as="h4">Only use one Side Panel on a page</CalloutHeading>
  <CalloutText>
    We currenly only support having one Side Panel open on a page. If you have questions, please post{' '}
    <Anchor href="https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/discussions" showExternal>
      a GitHub Discussion
    </Anchor>
    .
  </CalloutText>
</Callout>

### Accessibility

Side Panel and non-modal dialogs follow these accessibility guidelines:

- There must be a focusable element inside the dialog.
- There should be a close button so screen readers have a specific close action to target.
- There must be an accessible aria label.

## Examples

### Basic Side Panel

// TODO: storybook example

> ## Composition notes

Reviewer: suggestion: add some document hierarchy to this section so it's clear what wraps what. Like, SidePanelHeader, SidePanelHeaderActions, and SidePanelBody should be bulletpoints or smaller headings under SidePanel

The Side Panel comes with some smaller components that can be used to compose a Side Panel to your application's needs.

### Side Panel Page Wrapper

This wrapper controls the positioning of the Side Panel with relation to the page content and should always wrap both the Side Panel itslef as well as the main page content.

### Side Panel Header

The Side Panel Header is a container for the descriptive title of the panel and sometimes an associated icon, in addition to any action buttons used in the panel.

### Side Panel Header Actions

> The Side Panel Header Actions component is a container for action buttons that are used in the Side Panel Header. A "close" button should always be included. Other common actions include a MoreIcon for additional options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Side Panel Header Actions component is a container for action buttons that are used in the Side Panel Header. A "close" button should always be included. Other common actions include a `MoreIcon` for additional options.
```

<StoryPreview
  title="Internationalized Side Panel example"
  storyID="components-side-panel--i-18-n"
  code={`
export const SidePanelExample = (): React.ReactNode => {
  const [isOpen, setIsOpen] = React.useState(true);
  const sidePanelId = useUID();
  return (
    <SidePanelContainer id={sidePanelId} isOpen={isOpen} setIsOpen={setIsOpen} i18nCloseSidePanelTitle="cerrar panel lateral" i18nOpenSidePanelTitle="abrir panel lateral">
      <SidePanel>
        <SidePanelHeader>
          <Heading as="h3" variant="heading30">Título</Heading>
        </SidePanelHeader>
        <SidePanelBody>
          ...
        </SidePanelBody>
      </SidePanel>
      <SidePanelPushContentWrapper>
        <Box paddingTop="space40" paddingLeft="space40" paddingRight="space40">
          <SidePanelButton variant="secondary">Probar Panel Lateral</SidePanelButton>
        </Box>
      </SidePanelPushContentWrapper>
    </SidePanelContainer>
  )`}
/>

## Composition notes

> The Side Panel comes with some smaller components that can be used to compose a Side Panel to your application's needs. All of the following components should be used inside of a Side Panel Container, with Side Panel and Side Panel Push Content Wrapper being its direct children. The Side Panel Container controls the positioning of the Side Panel with relation to the page content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Side Panel comes with some smaller components that can be used to compose a Side Panel to your application's needs. All of the following components should be used inside of a `SidePanelContainer`, with `SidePanel` and `SidePanelPushContentWrapper` being its direct children. The Side Panel Container controls the positioning of the Side Panel with relation to the page content.
```

Reviewer: ^ just bc I first missed the part that it everything had to be wrapped with `SidePanelContainer`
